[SOAR-844] - Revoke session with slack (#173)
rapid7/insightconnect-workflows: workflows/Revoke_User_Session_in_Azure_AD_with_Microsoft_Teams/help.md

# Version History

> * 1.0.1 - Update to fix github reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* 1.0.1 - Update to correct `source_url` reference in spec
```
